temp – temperature at the location.

feelslike – what the temperature feels like accounting for heat index or wind chill.

humidity – relative humidity in %.

dew – dew point temperature.

precip – the amount of liquid precipitation that fell or is predicted to fall in the period. This includes the liquid-equivalent amount of any frozen precipitation such as snow or ice.

snow – the amount of snow that fell or is predicted to fall.

snowdepth – the depth of snow on the ground.

preciptype – an array indicating the type(s) of precipitation expected or that occurred. Possible values include rain, snow, freezingrain and ice.

windgust  – instantaneous wind speed at a location. May be empty if it is not significantly higher than the wind speed.

windspeed – the sustained wind speed measured as the average windspeed that occurs during the preceding one to two minutes.

winddir – direction from which the wind is blowing.

pressure – the sea level atmospheric or barometric pressure in millibars (or hectopascals).

visibility – distance at which distant objects are visible.

cloudcover – how much of the sky is covered in cloud ranging from 0-100%.

solarradiation  – (W/m2) the solar radiation power at the instantaneous moment of the observation (or forecast prediction).

solarenergy  – (MJ/m2) indicates the total energy from the sun that builds up over an hour or day.

uvindex – a value between 0 and 10 indicating the level of ultra violet (UV) exposure for that hour or day. 10 represents high level of exposure, and 0 represents no exposure. The UV index is calculated based on amount of short wave solar radiation which in turn is a level the cloudiness, type of cloud, time of day, time of year and location altitude.

conditions – textual representation of the weather conditions. Conditions represented by numbers correspond to the following: 
{
    'Clear': 0,
    'Overcast': 1,
    'Partially cloudy': 2,
    'Rain': 3,
    'Rain, Fog': 4,
    'Rain, Overcast': 5,
    'Rain, Partially cloudy': 6,
    'Snow': 7,
    'Snow, Fog': 8,
    'Snow, Partially cloudy': 9,
    'Snow, Rain': 10,
    'Snow, Rain, Overcast': 11,
    'Snow, Rain, Partially cloudy': 12
}
